feat: new FAQs and docs (#21)
revoltchat/documentation: docs/faq/monetisation.md

# 3. Scaling & Monetisation

*Last revision. 7th March 2022*

This article usually gets a revision every few months as we progress, so it may not always be up to date.

To start answering this question:
- Revolt is already pretty efficient and can theoretically also scale both vertically and horizontally.
- Major problem areas have already been solved and progress is being made to further this.
- Revolt is also incredibly inexpensive to run, as of 7th March 2022, Revolt is currently still running on a bare-minimum cloud VPS.<br/>I previously noted here that we were due an upgrade, but I am since going to revise that to say that the recent optimisation work has brought us below that threshold.

Now you may be asking how will Revolt be funded?
- We have a variety of monetisation ideas lined up internally, with these, it is **not my intention** for us to paywall features and I find it unlikely we would ever do that considering it would contradict what we're trying to achieve.<br/>

> - We have amassed a significant amount of money from donations alone (~ £2k).<br/>This bullet point no longer links to the full donation log as I have moved the spreadsheet to my private cloud so I could manage it with [Grist](https://getgrist.app), it is not possible for me to share this data on demand.

Reviewer: Seems as though `getgrist.app` is down?
```suggestion
- We have amassed a significant amount of money from donations alone (~ £2k).<br/>This bullet point no longer links to the full donation log as I have moved the spreadsheet to my private cloud so I could manage it with [Grist](https://www.getgrist.com/), it is not possible for me to share this data on demand.
```

Author: Removed additional info here.
